Add information from doc/hacking.md and doc/make_cheatsheet.md back i… (#5963)
ruby/ruby: doc/contributing/testing_ruby.md

    make test-all
    ```

>     We can run a specific test directory in this suite using the `TESTS` environment variable, for example:

Reviewer: Accurately, this is not an environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We can run a specific test directory in this suite using the `TESTS` option, for example:
```

    ```
    make test-all TESTS=test/rubygems
    ```

>     We can run a specific test file in this suite by also using the `TESTS` environment variable, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We can run a specific test file in this suite by also using the `TESTS` option, for example:
```
